var_dr = NOT var_dq
var_kh = var_kg OR var_kf
var_eq = var_ep OR var_eo
var_b = 44430
var_gt = NOT var_gs
var_dp = var_dd OR var_do
var_ej = var_eg AND var_ei
var_ag = var_y AND var_ae
var_ka = var_jx AND var_jz
var_lg = var_lf RSHIFT 2
var_ac = var_z AND var_aa
var_el = var_dy AND var_ej
var_bk = var_bj OR var_bi
var_km = var_kk RSHIFT 3
var_co = NOT var_cn
var_gq = var_gn AND var_gp
var_ct = var_cq AND var_cs
var_es = var_eo LSHIFT 15
var_ln = var_lg OR var_lm
var_ek = var_dy OR var_ej
var_dj = NOT var_di
var_fj = 1 AND var_fi
var_kj = var_kf LSHIFT 15
var_jz = NOT var_jy
var_fu = NOT var_ft
var_fv = var_fs AND var_fu
var_hs = NOT var_hr
var_cm = var_ck OR var_cl
var_js = var_jp RSHIFT 5
var_jc = var_iv OR var_jb
var_iu = var_is OR var_it
var_lf = var_ld OR var_le
var_fd = NOT var_fc
var_dn = NOT var_dm
var_bz = var_bn OR var_by
var_am = var_aj AND var_al
var_ch = var_cd LSHIFT 15
var_kc = var_jp AND var_ka
var_cu = var_ci OR var_ct
var_gy = var_gv AND var_gx
var_dm = var_de AND var_dk
var_aa = var_x RSHIFT 5
var_eu = var_et RSHIFT 2
var_aq = var_x RSHIFT 1
var_ih = var_ia OR var_ig
var_ce = var_bk LSHIFT 1
var_af = var_y OR var_ae
var_cb = NOT var_ca
var_h = var_e AND var_f
var_ii = var_ia AND var_ig
var_cn = var_ck AND var_cl
var_ji = NOT var_jh
var_ab = var_z OR var_aa
var_eo = 1 AND var_en
var_ie = var_ib AND var_ic
var_ei = NOT var_eh
var_jb = var_iy AND var_ja
var_bc = NOT var_bb
var_hb = var_ha OR var_gz
var_cy = 1 AND var_cx
var_ay = NOT var_ax
var_ex = var_ev OR var_ew
var_bo = var_bn RSHIFT 2
var_et = var_er OR var_es
var_fb = var_eu OR var_fa
var_kb = var_jp OR var_ka
var_ed = var_ea AND var_eb
var_n = var_k AND var_m
var_ev = var_et RSHIFT 3
var_ew = var_et RSHIFT 5
var_is = var_hz RSHIFT 1
var_kk = var_ki OR var_kj
var_i = NOT var_h
var_lz = var_lv LSHIFT 15
var_bl = var_as RSHIFT 1
var_hy = var_hu LSHIFT 15
var_iz = var_iw AND var_ix
var_ly = var_lf RSHIFT 1
var_fw = var_fp OR var_fv
var_an = 1 AND var_am
var_bj = var_ap LSHIFT 1
var_ao = var_u LSHIFT 1
var_f = var_b RSHIFT 5
var_jy = var_jq AND var_jw
var_iw = var_iu RSHIFT 3
var_ik = var_ih AND var_ij
var_ja = NOT var_iz
var_dl = var_de OR var_dk
var_jg = var_iu OR var_jf
var_bf = var_as AND var_bd
var_e = var_b RSHIFT 3
var_jx = var_jq OR var_jw
var_jd = var_iv AND var_jb
var_ci = var_cg OR var_ch
var_jh = var_iu AND var_jf
var_a = var_lx
var_cd = 1 AND var_cc
var_ma = var_ly OR var_lz
var_em = NOT var_el
var_bi = 1 AND var_bh
var_fe = var_fb AND var_fd
var_lr = var_lf OR var_lq
var_bp = var_bn RSHIFT 3
var_ca = var_bn AND var_by
var_ai = var_af AND var_ah
var_cz = var_cf LSHIFT 1
var_dy = var_dw OR var_dx
var_gw = var_gj AND var_gu
var_jj = var_jg AND var_ji
var_jt = var_jr OR var_js
var_bn = var_bl OR var_bm
var_gk = var_gj RSHIFT 2
var_cq = var_cj OR var_cp
var_gv = var_gj OR var_gu
var_o = var_b OR var_n
var_r = var_o AND var_q
var_bm = var_bi LSHIFT 15
var_er = var_dy RSHIFT 1
var_cx = var_cu AND var_cw
var_iy = var_iw OR var_ix
var_he = var_hc OR var_hd
var_c = 0
var_dd = var_db OR var_dc
var_kl = var_kk RSHIFT 2
var_fk = var_eq LSHIFT 1
var_eg = var_dz OR var_ef
var_ee = NOT var_ed
var_lx = var_lw OR var_lv
var_fz = var_fw AND var_fy
var_eh = var_dz AND var_ef
var_jr = var_jp RSHIFT 3
var_lo = var_lg AND var_lm
var_cj = var_ci RSHIFT 2
var_bh = var_be AND var_bg
var_lw = var_lc LSHIFT 1
var_hp = var_hm AND var_ho
var_ju = var_jr AND var_js
var_ip = 1 AND var_io
var_cp = var_cm AND var_co
var_id = var_ib OR var_ic
var_bg = NOT var_bf
var_fr = var_fo RSHIFT 5
var_it = var_ip LSHIFT 15
var_jw = var_jt AND var_jv
var_jf = var_jc AND var_je
var_dv = var_du OR var_dt
var_fy = NOT var_fx
var_az = var_aw AND var_ay
var_gi = var_ge LSHIFT 15
var_al = NOT var_ak
var_fo = var_fm OR var_fn
var_fi = var_ff AND var_fh
var_cl = var_ci RSHIFT 5
var_da = var_cz OR var_cy
var_ez = NOT var_ey
var_jv = NOT var_ju
var_lt = NOT var_ls
var_kx = var_kk AND var_kv
var_ij = NOT var_ii
var_kt = var_kl AND var_kr
var_jo = var_jk LSHIFT 15
var_g = var_e OR var_f
var_bt = NOT var_bs
var_hl = var_hi AND var_hk
var_il = var_hz OR var_ik
var_en = var_ek AND var_em
var_ap = var_ao OR var_an
var_ep = var_dv LSHIFT 1
var_ar = var_an LSHIFT 15
var_gh = var_fo RSHIFT 1
var_in = NOT var_im
var_ld = var_kk RSHIFT 1
var_iq = var_hw LSHIFT 1
var_ef = var_ec AND var_ee
var_hv = var_hb LSHIFT 1
var_ke = var_kb AND var_kd
var_ak = var_x AND var_ai
var_dq = var_dd AND var_do
var_as = var_aq OR var_ar
var_ir = var_iq OR var_ip
var_do = var_dl AND var_dn
var_ix = var_iu RSHIFT 5
var_be = var_as OR var_bd
var_gp = NOT var_go
var_fl = var_fk OR var_fj
var_kg = var_jm LSHIFT 1
var_cw = NOT var_cv
var_ds = var_dp AND var_dr
var_dx = var_dt LSHIFT 15
var_fm = var_et RSHIFT 1
var_ea = var_dy RSHIFT 3
var_fx = var_fp AND var_fv
var_q = NOT var_p
var_de = var_dd RSHIFT 2
var_fc = var_eu AND var_fa
var_bd = var_ba AND var_bc
var_dk = var_dh AND var_dj
var_lu = var_lr AND var_lt
var_hx = var_he RSHIFT 1
var_fa = var_ex AND var_ez
var_dh = var_df OR var_dg
var_fn = var_fj LSHIFT 15
var_ky = NOT var_kx
var_gr = var_gk OR var_gq
var_dz = var_dy RSHIFT 2
var_gj = var_gh OR var_gi
var_lm = var_lj AND var_ll
var_aj = var_x OR var_ai
var_cc = var_bz AND var_cb
var_lv = 1 AND var_lu
var_au = var_as RSHIFT 3
var_cf = var_ce OR var_cd
var_io = var_il AND var_in
var_dw = var_dd RSHIFT 1
var_lp = NOT var_lo
var_t = var_c LSHIFT 1
var_df = var_dd RSHIFT 3
var_dg = var_dd RSHIFT 5
var_lk = var_lh AND var_li
var_li = var_lf RSHIFT 5
var_eb = var_dy RSHIFT 5
var_ku = NOT var_kt
var_ba = var_at OR var_az
var_z = var_x RSHIFT 3
var_ll = NOT var_lk
var_lc = var_lb OR var_la
var_s = 1 AND var_r
var_lj = var_lh OR var_li
var_lq = var_ln AND var_lp
var_kn = var_kk RSHIFT 5
var_ec = var_ea OR var_eb
var_cv = var_ci AND var_ct
var_d = var_b RSHIFT 2
var_ki = var_jp RSHIFT 1
var_cs = NOT var_cr
var_je = NOT var_jd
var_jq = var_jp RSHIFT 2
var_jp = var_jn OR var_jo
var_lh = var_lf RSHIFT 3
var_dt = 1 AND var_ds
var_ls = var_lf AND var_lq
var_le = var_la LSHIFT 15
var_fh = NOT var_fg
var_bb = var_at AND var_az
var_ax = var_au AND var_av
var_kz = var_kw AND var_ky
var_x = var_v OR var_w
var_kw = var_kk OR var_kv
var_kv = var_ks AND var_ku
var_lb = var_kh LSHIFT 1
var_la = 1 AND var_kz
var_kd = NOT var_kc
var_y = var_x RSHIFT 2
var_ff = var_et OR var_fe
var_fg = var_et AND var_fe
var_ad = NOT var_ac
var_jm = var_jl OR var_jk
var_jk = 1 AND var_jj
var_cg = var_bn RSHIFT 1
var_kq = NOT var_kp
var_ck = var_ci RSHIFT 3
var_ey = var_ev AND var_ew
var_kf = 1 AND var_ke
var_cr = var_cj AND var_cp
var_jl = var_ir LSHIFT 1
var_gx = NOT var_gw
var_at = var_as RSHIFT 2
var_jn = var_iu RSHIFT 1
var_dc = var_cy LSHIFT 15
var_hi = var_hg OR var_hh
var_db = var_ci RSHIFT 1
var_aw = var_au OR var_av
var_kp = var_km AND var_kn
var_hc = var_gj RSHIFT 1
var_iv = var_iu RSHIFT 2
var_ae = var_ab AND var_ad
var_du = var_da LSHIFT 1
var_bx = NOT var_bw
var_ko = var_km OR var_kn
var_kr = var_ko AND var_kq
var_by = var_bv AND var_bx
var_ks = var_kl OR var_kr
var_hu = 1 AND var_ht
var_di = var_df AND var_dg
var_ah = NOT var_ag
var_k = var_d OR var_j
var_l = var_d AND var_j
var_p = var_b AND var_n
var_gg = var_gf OR var_ge
var_ha = var_gg LSHIFT 1
var_bq = var_bn RSHIFT 5
var_bv = var_bo OR var_bu
var_gz = 1 AND var_gy
var_w = var_s LSHIFT 15
var_if = NOT var_ie
var_av = var_as RSHIFT 5
var_bw = var_bo AND var_bu
var_im = var_hz AND var_ik
var_bs = var_bp AND var_bq
var_v = var_b RSHIFT 1
var_m = NOT var_l
var_br = var_bp OR var_bq
var_j = var_g AND var_i
var_bu = var_br AND var_bt
var_u = var_t OR var_s
var_ic = var_hz RSHIFT 5
var_gs = var_gk AND var_gq
var_gf = var_fl LSHIFT 1
var_hg = var_he RSHIFT 3
var_hd = var_gz LSHIFT 15
var_hm = var_hf OR var_hl
var_ge = 1 AND var_gd
var_ga = var_fo OR var_fz
var_ig = var_id AND var_if
var_gb = var_fo AND var_fz
var_gu = var_gr AND var_gt
var_hq = var_he OR var_hp
var_ft = var_fq AND var_fr
var_gd = var_ga AND var_gc
var_fp = var_fo RSHIFT 2
var_gn = var_gl OR var_gm
var_hj = var_hg AND var_hh
var_ho = NOT var_hn
var_go = var_gl AND var_gm
var_hh = var_he RSHIFT 5
var_gc = NOT var_gb
var_ht = var_hq AND var_hs
var_ib = var_hz RSHIFT 3
var_ia = var_hz RSHIFT 2
var_fs = var_fq OR var_fr
var_hz = var_hx OR var_hy
var_hr = var_he AND var_hp
var_gm = var_gj RSHIFT 5
var_hn = var_hf AND var_hl
var_hw = var_hv OR var_hu
var_hk = NOT var_hj
var_gl = var_gj RSHIFT 3
var_fq = var_fo RSHIFT 3
var_hf = var_he RSHIFT 2
